## Module 3 challenge: Automatically Generate a PDF and Send it by Email



**Questions:**

**1. What is the overall purpose of the reports.py script in the lab?**

> To send a report (Incorrect)
>
> To pint a report (Incorrect)
>
> **To create a PDF of the report** (Not sure why not Correct??)
>
> To format a report (Incorrect)

**Confuse**

---


**2. In the example.py script, how does Python know what to include in the report PDF? Select all that apply.**

> **The table_data= command stores the list of fruits for the PDF.** (Correct)
>
> **The reports.generate command tells Python to put the contents of table_data into the report PDF.** (Correct)
>
> The body = command creates the list of fruits for the PDF. (Incorrect)
>
> The import emails command loads the Python module for generating a PDF. (Incorrect - It imports the emails library, not for PDF generation)

---



**3. You attempt to run the script example.py but get the error message “Permission denied”. What should you do?**

> Use the nano command to edit the script. (Incorrect)
>
> Use the cat command to view the file and look for the error. (Incorrect)
>
> **Use the sudo chmod command to enable you to execute the file.** (Correct)
>
> Run example.py in debug mode. (Not the most appropriate solution)

---



**4. In the lab, you must modify the script cars.py to calculate which car model had the most sales. What command can you use to simply view the contents of the cars.py script?**

> **cat ~/scripts/cars.py** (Correct)
>
> chmod ~/scripts/cars.py (Changes permissions, not for viewing)
>
> grep ~/scripts/cars.py (Used for searching text, not entire file view)
>
> sudo ~/scripts/cars.py (Not for viewing, would attempt to run with root privileges)

---



**5. How does the cars.py script get the necessary data for generating the sales report?**

> It pulls the data from the format_car method. (Incorrect)
>
> It creates the data when the cars.py script runs. (Incorrect)
>
> **It pulls the data from the file named car_sales.json.** (Correct)
>
> It uses the process_data method to generate the data. (Incorrect - Might be an internal step, but not user specified)

---



**6. What is the primary purpose of the example.py script?**

> Analyzing data from a database (Incorrect)
>
> Generating and printing text documents (Incorrect)
>
> **Generating PDF reports and sending them via email** (Correct)
>
> Managing user authentication for a website (Incorrect)

---



**7. What is the purpose of the reportlab library?**

> To format the body of email messages (Incorrect)
>
> To attach a report to an email (Incorrect)
>
> To define the filename of the report (Incorrect)
>
> **To format the report** (Correct)

---



**8. Which command identifies the mail host that will send the email generated by your script?**

> message = email.message.EmailMessage() (Creates an email message object)
>
> **mail_server = smtplib.SMTP(‘localhost’)** (Correct)
>
> mail_server.send_message(message) (Sends the email message)
>
> import smtplib (Imports the smtplib library)


---


**9. In the cars.py script, what is the purpose of the format_car function?**

> **To display the car make, car model, and car year** (Correct)
>
> To display the car make and price (Incorrect)
>
> To display the car ID, car make, car model, and car year information  (Incorrect)
>
> To display the car model and car year (Incorrect)



---



Review Qwiklabs assessment: Automatically generate a PDF and send it by email.

**10. Which commands must be included in your script if you want to send an email? Select all that apply.**

> **import emails** (Imports the emails library) (Correct)
>
> reports.generate  (Incorrect)
>
> **emails.send** (Sends the email) (Correct)
>
> **emails.generate** (Correct)
